Added Web3 Content (#7186)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-en.md

* [Web Development for Beginners - A Curriculum](https://github.com/microsoft/Web-Dev-For-Beginners) - Microsoft
* [Web Development Tutorials for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLoYCgNOIyGAB_8_iq1cL8MVeun7cB6eNc) - LearnCode.academy
* [Web Information Retrieval](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAQopGWlIcya-9yzQ8c8UtPOuCv0mFZkr) - L. Becchetti, A. Vitaletti (University of Sapienza Rome)

### Web3

> * [Become a Web3 Developer](https://learnweb3.io) - Course for everyone (Basics - Advanced - Expert) level

Reviewer: It's a MOOC, move to that section

> * [Learning Resources](https://web3.career/learn-web3) - Learn Web3 With These Free Resources

Reviewer: Like in the past.... Has several links without relation between, so... move to Metalist section

> * [Video Lecture - Begining to Expert](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyMwXuJrbJQ&ab_channel=freeCodeCamp.org) - Learn Blockchain, Solidity, and Full Stack Web3 Development with JavaScript

Reviewer: PLEASE!!! Respect resources format guidelines: `[TITLE-LINK] - CREATORS (NOTES)`

```suggestion
* [Learn Blockchain, Solidity, and Full Stack Web3 Development with JavaScript – 32-Hour Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyMwXuJrbJQ) - freeCodeCamp, `tch.:` Patrick Collins
```

* [Web Development for Beginners - A Curriculum](https://github.com/microsoft/Web-Dev-For-Beginners) - Microsoft
* [Web Development Tutorials for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLoYCgNOIyGAB_8_iq1cL8MVeun7cB6eNc) - LearnCode.academy
* [Web Information Retrieval](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAQopGWlIcya-9yzQ8c8UtPOuCv0mFZkr) - L. Becchetti, A. Vitaletti (University of Sapienza Rome)

### Web3

> * [Learning Resources](https://thedailyape.notion.site/Web3-d577f781fdf945d3a198e96c55869f7d) - Darren Lau (The Daily Ape)

Reviewer: Where are the courses? Seems a collection of links

> * [Video Lecture From Expert](https://crater.club) - Everything about Web3

Reviewer: Where are the course? It's more like a Mooc/Platform with several channels

* [Web Development for Beginners - A Curriculum](https://github.com/microsoft/Web-Dev-For-Beginners) - Microsoft
* [Web Development Tutorials for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLoYCgNOIyGAB_8_iq1cL8MVeun7cB6eNc) - LearnCode.academy
* [Web Information Retrieval](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAQopGWlIcya-9yzQ8c8UtPOuCv0mFZkr) - L. Becchetti, A. Vitaletti (University of Sapienza Rome)

### Web3

> :information_source: See also &#8230; [Blockchain](#blockchain), [Solidity](#solidity)

> * [Learn Blockchain, Solidity, and Full Stack Web3 Development with JavaScript – 32-Hour Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyMwXuJrbJQ) - freeCodeCamp, `tch.:` Patrick Collins

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Learn Blockchain, Solidity, and Full Stack Web3 Development with JavaScript – 32-Hour Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyMwXuJrbJQ) -  Patrick Collins (freeCodeCamp)
```
